Privacy-related policies
Personalized advertising
You must not use Google's platform products or Google ad code to select or target personalized ads, or to collect or use audience data such as cookie lists, based on:

past or current activity by users known by you to be under the age of 13 years;
past or current activity by users on sites or apps or areas of sites or apps directed at children under the age of 13 years;
past or current activity by users on adult, gambling, or government agency sites or apps; or
other inferred or actual sensitive information, including, without limitation:
health or medical history or information, such as from sites or apps that market to a specific health-related group,
negative financial status or other detailed information pertaining to a person's finances, such as information indicating that a user has a low credit rating or high debt load,
racial or ethnic origins, such as from sites or apps that collect affirmative racial or ethnic identification from visitors,
religious beliefs or other beliefs of a similar nature, such as from sites or apps that collect people’s affirmative information on religion or religious beliefs,
the commission or alleged commission of any crime, such as information indicating that a user has a criminal record,
political affiliation, such as information indicating a user’s political opinion or political ideology,
trade union membership, such as a user’s visit to a trade union’s site or app, or
sexual behavior or orientation, such as sexual orientation inferred from a user’s visit to a particular site.
In the U.S. and Canada, the following categories of products or services cannot be targeted to audiences based on gender, age, parental status, marital status, or ZIP code:

housing, such as housing listings for sale or rental, real estate services.
employment, such as ads for jobs, job recruitment sites, job listing sites. A subset of predetermined U.S. government advertisers promoting employment are permitted to target restricted audiences under specific conditions. If the targeting is based on a bona fide occupational qualification for a government job, which is defined under U.S. law as a qualification that is reasonably necessary for normal function of the job, these identified U.S. government advertisers may target restricted audiences.
offers relating to credit, banking products and services, or certain financial planning and management services. Examples: Credit cards and loans, banking and checking accounts, debt management products.
If you use Google's platform products or Google ad code for personalized advertising:

you must have all rights necessary to use audience data such as cookie lists.
advertisers must attach notices to advertisements to make clear that they are interest-based (e.g., by using an "AdChoices" icon); and
all parties must comply with applicable Internet advertising industry guidelines (e.g., the Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising of the Digital Advertising Alliance, or IAB Europe's EU Framework for Online Behavioral Advertising).
 Learn more about personalized advertising

Privacy disclosures
Publishers must:

have and abide by a privacy policy that clearly discloses any data collection, sharing, and usage that takes place as a consequence of your use of Google products and services, including information about the technologies used, such as your use of cookies, web beacons, IP addresses, or other identifiers. This applies for data collection, sharing, and usage on any platform, surface, or property (e.g., web, app, Connected TV, gaming console, or email publication). The privacy policy must disclose to users that third parties may be placing and reading cookies on your users' browsers, or using web beacons or IP addresses to collect information as a result of ad serving on your website.

To comply with this disclosure obligation with respect to Google’s use of data, you have the option to display a prominent link to How Google uses data when you use our partners’ sites or apps.
           Learn more about privacy disclosures

Cookies on Google domains
Publishers must:

not set a cookie on Google's domains or modify, intercept or delete cookies set on Google's domains.
           Learn more about cookies on Google domains

Identifying users
Publishers must:

not pass any information to Google data that Google could use or recognize as personally identifiable information
not use our services to identify users or facilitate the merging of personally identifiable information with information previously collected as non-personally identifiable information without robust notice of, and the user's prior affirmative (i.e., opt-in) consent to, that identification or merger. Irrespective of users' consent, you must not attempt to disaggregate data that Google reports in aggregate.
For more information, please refer to Guidance for complying with the Identifying Users Policy.

comply with the EU user consent policy.
           Learn more about identifying users

Use of device and location data
If publishers collect, process, or disclose information that identifies or can be used to infer an end user's precise geographic location, such as sourced from GPS, wifi or cell tower data then,

Publishers must:

disclose to the user, via an interstitial or just-in-time notice, the purposes for which their data may be used (including, ad personalization, analytics, and attribution, as applicable), including that the data may be shared with partners;
obtain express (i.e., opt-in) consent from end users before collecting, processing, or disclosing such information;
send such information to Google in an encrypted state or via an encrypted channel; and
disclose such information collection, processing, or disclosure in all applicable privacy policies.
            Learn more about use of device and location data

Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA)
If you implement any Google advertising service on an app, a site or section of a site that is covered by the Children's Online Privacy Protection Act (COPPA), you must:

notify Google of those sites or sections of sites covered by COPPA using the Google Search Console, tag the ad request using the AdMob SDK , or tag your site, app, or ad request for child-directed treatment;
 not use interest-based advertising (including remarketing) to target:
past or current activity by users known by you to be under the age of 13 years or
past or current activity on sites directed at users under the age of 13 years.